Revise query building steps in dbt insights documentation (#9250)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/explore/navigate-dbt-insights.md

To build a query in dbt <Constant name="insights" />:

1. From the main menu, go to **<Constant name="insights" />**.
2. Click **Build a query**.

> 3. From the Environment dropdown, select **Prod** or **Staging**. Even thought you see "Development" as an option, queries against development environments are deferred based on deferral rules, so selecting it will not query your development environment directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. From the Environment dropdown, select **PROD** or **STG**. Even thought you see **DEV** as an option, queries against development environments are deferred based on deferral rules, so selecting it will not query your development environment directly.
```
